Fuck whatever y'all been hearing
Shalom (:
You got a sister-in-law you'd smash? I got four of em
Yeezy with the big house did it way different
Time is extremely valuable, and I prefer to waste it
Can I talk my shit again?
Stop texting\n\nGo find God\n\nCome back after you found God
Man ... ninjas are kind of cool ... I just don’t know any personally
I wish I could run across the beach into my own arms
How to NOT kill yourself pt 1\n\nAvoid being around people who make you want to kill yourself
McDonalds is my favourite brand
Akira and There Will Be Blood are equally my 2 favorite movies of all time.
Hey radio, fuck you!
Everybody wanted to know what I would do if I didn't win... I guess we'll never know.
No way Spirited Away is better than Akira... NOOO WAYYY.. sorry was just looking at a youtube of top 10 anime films
This my lady tweet of the night..... Kris Jong-Un
Am I... venturing into the fashion industry? DO YOU SEE THIS COAT?!
You telling me they don't look at me like the mother fucking glitch
poopity scoop
question everything
I just told you who I thought I was. A GOD
All you have to be is yourself
I might be a lil autistic
Can't believe I left President Trump waiting\n\nAnd I had jeans on   Yikes
💩 this is my daughters favorite emoji...
Lil baby my favourite rapper ⛷️
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHO THINKS ELON MIGHT BE HALF CHINESE
SOMETIMES I DRESS LIKE ITS WINTER WHEN ITS HOT CAUSE MY OUTFIT HOT   IMA SWEAT BEFORE YOU CATCH ME LOOKING REGULAR     AT THE BET AWARDS THIS NIGGA THAT WORK AT UNIVERSAL ASKED ME WAS I HOT\n\nI TOLD THIS NIGGA\n\nYOU WORK AT UNIVERSAL    LOL
Sometimes, I get emotional over fonts
I'm not going to argue with people that are broker than me
I'm giving all Good music artists back the 50% share I have of their masters
Pulling up in the may bike
I watch Bladerunner on repeat
burn that excel spread sheet 🔥😂
never a master. Always a student.
I am running for President of the United States
Distraction is the enemy of vision
decentralize
Culture is the most powerful force in humanity under God
I'm the new Moses
Life is the ultimate gift
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
Everything you do in life stems from either fear or love
For me giving up is way harder than trying.
I channel Will Ferrell when I'm at the daddy daughter dances
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Empathy is the glue
Ma$e is one of my favorite rappers and I based a lot of my flows off of him
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
I don't wanna see no woke tweets or hear no woke raps ... it's show time ... it's a whole different energy right now
I feel calm but energized
Manga all day
People say it's enough and I got my point across ... the point isn't across until we cross the point
Fur pillows are hard to actually sleep on
Buy property
Have you ever thought you were in love with someone but then realized you were just staring in a mirror for 20 minutes?
I need a room full of mirrors so i can be surrounded by winners
People only get jealous when they care.
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success
George Bush doesn't care about black people
Artists are founders
I care. I care about everything. Sometimes not giving a fuck is caring the most.
My memories are from the future
Tweeting is legal and also therapeutic
I leave my emojis bart Simpson color
I spoke to Dave Chapelle for two hours this morning. He is our modern day Socrates
I was just speaking with someone that told me their life story and they used to be homeless.
I need an army of angels to cover me while I pull this sword out of the stone
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
I give up drinking every week
Man... whatever happened to my antique fish tank?
I am one of the most famous people on the planet
I am Warhol. I am the no. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I make awesome decisions in bike stores!!!
I still think I am the greatest.
On God
This man followed my wife on Instagram\nI feel a public apology in order
Man makes plans and god laughs
Drake called me threatening me
Fuck that sickomode song
Nobody scared of anything but god
I told you I ain't tell Pusha about your son
We're about love unity and we design for the world
not for profit is now for purpose
we're upgrading our operating systems
relearning how to code. I knew how to in 7th grade when I was programming a video game
we design everything we put our soul in
music is space between noise
love is the absence of pride
offering a service is having a purpose
stay inspired
deprogram
feeling super creative
I killed my ego
Google dopamine
most fear is learned
Remove worry
Trust your feelings. Stop thinking so much
I need to meet with Larry from google
My mother in law Kris Jenner ...\nmakes the best music playlist 😊
The media tries to kill our heroes one at a time
I really love my Tesla. I'm in the future. Thank you Elon.
People tried to talk me out of running for President. Never let weak controlling people kill your spirit
Speak God's truth to power
So many of us need so much less than we have especially when so many of us are in need
We have to evolve
We're going to move the entire music industry into the 21st Century
There are people sleeping in parking lots
Sometimes you have to get rid of everything
We as a people will heal. We will insure the well being of each other
We've gotten comfortable with not having what we deserve
My greatest pain in life is that I will never be able to see myself perform live.
We will heal. We will cure.
I want the world to be better! All I want is positive! All I want is dopeness!
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka... and welcome to my chocolate factory.
We must and will cure homelessness and hunger. We have the capability as a species
Who made up the term major label in the first place???
I'd like to meet with Tim Cook. I got some ideas
For me to say I wasn't a genius I'd just be lying to you and to myself
Only free thinkers
Winning is the only option
The world needs more joy... this idea is super fresh
I don't expect to be understood at all.
I wish I had a friend like me
I'll say things that are serious and put them in a joke form so people can enjoy them. We laugh to keep from crying.
We must form a union. We must unify
I'm the best
iterations of ideas are how culture evolves.
the beauty is in the imperfection(s)
we're all servants
trend is always late
As a creative your ideas are your strongest form of currency
There's a crying need for civility across the board. We need to and will come together in the name of Jesus.
I'm a creative genius
I've known my mom since I was zero years old. She is quite dope.
We will be recognized
style is genderless
let's be like water 😂
You basically can say anything to someone on an email or text as long as you put 'lol' at the end.
The world is our family
We used to diss Michael Jackson the media made us call him crazy ... then they killed him
Today is the best day ever and tomorrow's going to be even better
Trust me ... I won't stop
If I got any cooler I would freeze to death
If I don't scream, if I don't say something then no one's going to say anything.
Just stop lying about shit. Just stop lying.
I'm on the pursuit of awesomeness, excellence is the bare minimum.
We will change the paradigm
People always tell you 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
The thought police want to suppress freedom of thought
The world is our office
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
There's so many lonely emojis man
We will cure hunger
We are here to complete the revolution. We are building the future
Truth is my goal. Controversy is my gym. I'll do a hundred reps of controversy for a 6 pack of truth
I hate when I'm on a flight and I wake up with a water bottle next to me like oh great now I gotta be responsible for this water bottle
You can't look at a glass half full or empty if it's overflowing.
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
My dad got me a drone for Christmas
All the musicians will be free
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the rising sun.
Perhaps I should have been more like water today
Keep squares out yo circle
My greatest award is what I'm about to do.
Yo Taylor, imma let you finish but...
Mayonnaise colored Benz, I push Miracle Whips
The prettiest people do the ugliest things
BALLS BALLS BALLS
I don’t need your pussy, bitch, I’m on my own dick
I made that bitch famous
Calling my fellow cum doners  We in this 2gthr
I was drinking earlier, now I'm driving
I have to dress Kim everyday so she doesn't embarrass me
Oh you using profanity?
🦪 apple ... what is this ?
🧥 so when is this emoji appropriate ?
Why don't people never use this 💂‍♀️\n\nThis emoji is a person too
🏵️ bro ... this has never been used till now
you can say anything as long as you put the right emoji next to it
